轮播图表  表名slidershows    类名SliderShow
name
img
sort
trackid





商品表    products
name            商品名
long_name       商品名+规格
product_id      商品id
store_nums      库存
specifics       规格
sort            排序   
market_price    超市价格  
price           价格     
category_id     分组id
child_cid       子组id
img             商品图片
keywords        搜索关键字
brand_id        品牌id
brand_name      品牌名称
safe_day        保质期长度
safe_unit       保质期单位模式
safe_unit_desc  保质期单位  





spa   单页面应用



主体信息表   maindescriptions
category_id     分组id
category_name   分组名称
sort            排序
img             图片
product1        商品1
product2        商品2
produect3       商品3





分组表     categories
category_id    组id（主键）
category_name  名称
sort           排序权重


子组表     childcategories
child_id       子组id（主键）
child_name     名称
sort           排序权重
category       外键，所属的组





用户表   users
账号(主键)
手机号(唯一)
邮箱（唯一）
密码(允许为空)
头像
创建时间
最后登录时间
token值
积分
会员等级
-----------------------
手机号
token值
创建时间
最后登录时间





地址表  addresses
姓名
性别
手机号
省份
城市
区县
街道
详细地址
所属用户






购物车表   carts
用户          user
所属订单      order   isNull
商品          product
数量          num
是否选中      isChose
是否进入订单  isOrder




订单表      orders
订单编号    ordier_id  主键
所属用户    user
邮寄地址    address
总价        price
状态        flag
创建时间    createTime
修改时间    lastTime
是否删除    isDelete





1、将商品添加到购物车





